add wistia video and copy to end of airflow branch operator guide (#226)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/airflow-branch-operator.md

```

Notice that given the base `PythonOperator`, children operators can be easily written to incorporate more specific logic.

> ## Recap
> 
> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
> <iframe src="https://fast.wistia.net/embed/iframe/9c4267f3e4" title="branchpythonoperator Video" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" class="wistia_embed" name="wistia_embed" allowfullscreen msallowfullscreen width="100%" height="450"></iframe>
> 
> There is much more to the BranchPythonOperator than simply choosing tasks over others. 
> What if you want to trigger your tasks only on specific days? and not on holidays? 
> What if you want to trigger a DAG Run only if the previous one has succeeded?
> Discover how to solve those incredible common use cases by getting access to the following course for free:
> 
> [https://academy.astronomer.io/branching-course](https://academy.astronomer.io/branching-course)
> 
> See you there! ❤️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Beyond the BranchPythonOperator

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
<iframe src="https://fast.wistia.net/embed/iframe/9c4267f3e4" title="branchpythonoperator Video" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" class="wistia_embed" name="wistia_embed" allowfullscreen msallowfullscreen width="100%" height="450"></iframe>

There is much more to the BranchPythonOperator than simply choosing one task over another.

- What if you want to trigger your tasks only on specific days? And not on holidays? 
- What if you want to trigger a DAG Run only if the previous one succeeded?

 For more guidance and best practices on common use cases like the ones above, try out Astronomer's [Academy Course on Branching](https://academy.astronomer.io/branching-course) for free today.

See you there! ❤️
```

Author: updated!
